=== 1.5.0 / 2025-12-11

* 10 minor enhancements:

  * --rerun now takes a style (lines, names) and defaults to lines.
  * Add --simplecov (and MT_COV=1) option to load before minitest.
  * Added all the filtering options to minitest/complete.
  * Folded BinstubReporter into SprintReporter and added line number reporting.
  * Folded rake_reporter.rb and sprint_reporter.rb into sprint.rb
  * Normalized namespacing inside of Minitest::Sprint
  * Renamed --binstub to --rerun and added -r shortcut.
  * Switched minitest/complete to prism. Should be much more solid.
  * Vendored latest version of path_expander.
  * Updated Minitest::VendoredPathExpander to 2.0.0 and cleaned up overrides.

* 4 bug fixes:

  * -I flag now prepends onto load path.
  * Fixed minitest cmdline to use require_relative to test against current version.
  * Made RakeReporter play better with superclass.
  * Prepend test and lib onto load path before loading minitest.

=== 1.4.1 / 2025-11-18

* 1 bug fix:

  * OOPS! I'm using Data so I need to use ruby 3.2+

=== 1.4.0 / 2025-11-17

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Added multiple line number support: eg test.rb:42,50-100 (multiple files too)

* 3 bug fixes:

  * Fixed exception raised when requiring default test that wasn't actually there
  * Fixed shebang on bin/minitest for linux
  * Set minimum ruby version to 3.1.

=== 1.3.0 / 2024-07-23

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Allow rake task name to be passed as an argument and repeated back in failure list. (adam12)

* 1 bug fix:

  * Fixed wonky shebang in bin/minitest.

=== 1.2.2 / 2022-06-20

* 1 bug fix:

  * Fixed print_list for --binstub and --rake. (adam12)

=== 1.2.1 / 2019-09-22

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Refactored and moved bin/minitest to Minitest::Sprint.run.

* 1 bug fix:

  * Fixed a bug where having only options would prevent default "test" directory arg.

=== 1.2.0 / 2016-05-16

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Switched to path_expander to deal with cmdline args. See path_expander for details.

=== 1.1.1 / 2015-08-10

* 1 bug fix:

  * Remove -w from bin/minitest because SOME people run dirty code. :P

=== 1.1.0 / 2015-03-09

* 2 minor enhancements:

  * Added minitest/complete for cmdline test name completion. (tenderlove)
  * bin/minitest now directly loads tests, supports specifying files and minitest args.

=== 1.0.0 / 2015-01-23

* 1 major enhancement

  * Birthday!
